In these tutorials, you learnt the core of PyAutoLens, and are now ready to begin modeling real
strong lenses. In particular, you've learnt that:

1) How AutoLens uses Cartesian grids of (x,y) coordinates to perform ray-tracing.
2) That these grids can be combined with light and mass profiles to compute images and deflection angles.
3) That profiles can be combined to model galaxies.
1) How inputting galaxies into a tracer allows one to perform ray-tracing.
2) How to simulate a telescope's image of a strong lens.
3) How to fit a telescope's image of a strong lens.
4) How to find the best-fit lens model of a strong lens, using a non-linear optimization algorithm.

Now you're familiar with the basics of AutoLens, I recommend that you take the examples that can be found in this
'examples' directory. Each exercise is aimed at introducing a new concept about strong lens modeling:

'lens_light' - In this example, the lens galaxy's light is also simulated, and thus also needs to be modeled. I'll
               provide you with the phase to fit this image, and I'll introduce a few new ways to customize the
               priors. We'll also look at how this impacts the run time of AutoLens.

'x2_lenses' - In this example, there will be two lens galaxies. You'll need to write the phase yourself here,
              and we'll see how long a phase takes to run now there are a significantly higher number of parameters in
              the galaxy-model.

'complex_source' - In this example, the source galaxy is generated using a very complex light-profile. We'll see if the
                   simple models we try to fit it with can produce a model image that doesn't leave residuals, and
                   whether adding more complexity to a source galaxy-model improves the results.

After you are finished with these examples, I would recommend you try modelng one of the real strong lenses that came
packaged with AutoLens (see the 'AutoLens/data folder)'

Finally, once you're feeling confident in using AutoLens, and are familiar with strong lens modelng, you may want to
take one of the advanced AutoLens tutorials, to begin using AutoLens's advanced lens modeling features (I recommend
you stick to the numerical order below):

1_pipeline - In the examples above, you'll learn that as the lens model becomes more complex, that phases take longer to
             run. Furthermore, you'll often end up computing an incorrect solution. In this tutorial, we'll learn how
             to link multiple phases together to form a pipeline. By linking phases, we can gradually increase the lens
             model complexity such that we can fit complex lens models much faste than just using one phase.

2_inversion - Here, we'll learn about AutoLens's inversion module. This allows us to reconstruct a source galaxy on a
              pixel-grid, instead of relying on the light-profiles we've used up to now. The truth is, real galaxies
              look far more complicated than idealized symmetric Sersic functions - thus we need to use a pixel-grid
              to obtain reliable strong len models!