Congratulations, you can now write and use pipelines in PyAutoLens!

At this point, I would like you to take a look at the 'workspace/pipelines/examples' folder. Here, you'll find lots of
template pipelines that perform a range of different lens model fits. In general, I would recommend that you check to
see if a template exists for what you want to do with PyAutoLens, before attempting to write a pipeline from scratch.
Of course, many of these templates probably require only minor tweaking to meet your scientific needs.

If a pipeline isn't available for what you need to do, and you go on to write your own, feel free to get in contact
with me to add it to the examples. We really have no idea what science people are ultimately going to do with
PyAutoLens, so we have no idea of the weird and wonderful pipelines people will craft along the way!

You'll also find a pipeline runner script in the 'workspace/pipelines' folder, which you can use to run these pipelines.
Its setup to make management of your directory structure simple, and comes as both a Python script and Juypter notebook.
I personally prefer to run pipelines using a Python script, but I know others like notebooks. You should experiment
with using both, and figure out your own personal preference.

Before moving onto chapter 4, there's one more thing I'd like you to do. At this point, you're probably a bit bored of
fitting simulated images. Sure, they're informative, and look pretty, but I think its time you model a real strong lens,
Don't you? The pipeline runner and example pipelines are all setup to initial model a real strong lens -
'slacs_1430+4105' - which comes distributed with PyAutoLens. Thus, if you run the pipeline runner, you can quickly get
modeling your first real strong lens - its about time after 3 chapters of HowTolens!

***FOR DOCKER USERS *** - If you are running PyAutoLens in Docker, the way to run a python script is as follows:

1) Go to the main docker page (where you can see 'config', 'data', 'output', etc.)
2) On the right hand side, click 'New', and on the drop down menu 'Terminal'.
3) Navigate to the directory of your pipeline (e.g. cd howtolens/chapter_3_pipelines).
4) Run the pipeline by using the python command (e.g. python tutorial_1_lens_and_source.py).