NOTES ON PREPROCESSING:

- Preprocessing is used to initialize the priors on the lens model in the initialize phases. No preprocessing step is
compulsory as broad priors on the parameters can be assumed instead. However, they will speed up the initialization
phases and complex lens models may fail to reach a 'correct' solution without them.

Source:

- The brightest regions / multiple images of the source are marked so that we can discard the large fraction of mass
models where these pixels trace nowhere near one another in the source plane (and thus cannot reconstruct a good source)
- By drawing a circle around the source, we produce a crude estimate of its Einstein Radius. The center of this circle
also estimates the centre of the mass model. We could also consider doing this with an ellipse for axis-ratio / phi.

Lens:
- The centre of the lens light is bright, and can thus easily tell us the centre of the lens light component.
- Could we draw an ellipse around the lens light to get its phi / axis ratio?
- Can we use the flux values of the source / lens to estimate their initial intensity values?
- Should we explore a linear routine to subtract the foreground lens light?
- Do we need our own routines to do this or are we to reply on Nan's Hoopla? Depends how much work GUI stuff like this
is.

NOTES ON NON-LINEAR OPTIMIZATION:

- Whilst we have been heavily focused on MultiNest, MultiNest does not 'sample' parameter space fast. In fact, it
tries to map out the entirity of parameter space, including the regions where the solution is lower likelihood. For the
initial pipeline, we're going to want something which just tries to find the 'peak' likelihood. I'll implement an
optimizer to do this called the LM (Levenberg–Marquardt) sampler.

- We can just use MultiNest until the LM is integrated.

NOTES ON PIXELIZATIONS:

- Our pixelization can produce either a 'noisy' likelihood function if the discretization changes with every lens model
(e.g. KMeans clustering on the source-plane) or a 'smooth' likelihood function if the discretization is deterministic
with every lens model (e.g. a fixed square-grid or performing KMeans clustering on the image-plane).

- A 'noisy' likelihood function fully samples every possible model. Thus it gives complete errors and has no systematic
bias in the lens model. However, it is very slow - so we want to avoid it in initialization.

- In contrast, a 'smooth' likelihood function is fast to sample, but could lead to a biased model.

- In the pipelines below, I'll refer to the pixelization and 'noisy' or 'smooth'.


Pipeline 1:

PURPOSE - Fit a source-only image (i.e. no lens light component)

PREPROCESSING:

- Mark the brightest regions / multiple images of the source.
- Draw a circle tracing the source (Einstein Radius / centre)
- Draw circle / ellipse for the mask.

NOTES:

Image: Observed image used throughout.
Mask: Assume a large mask (e.g. 2") throughout - this value could be chosen in preprocessing.

INITIALIZATION PHASES:

1) Mass: SIE+Shear
   Source: Sersic
   NLO: LM

2) Mass: SIE+Shear (priors from phase 1)
   Source: 'smooth' pixelization (include regularization parameter(s) in the model)
   NLO: LM

2H) Hyper-parameters: All included in model (most priors broad and uniform, but use previous phase regularization as well)
    Mass: SIE+Shear (Fixed to highest likelihood model from phase 2)
    Source: 'noisy' pixelization
    NLO: MN

MAIN PIPELINE:

a) Mass: SPLE+Shear (priors from Init phase 2)
   Source: 'noisy' pixelization (Fixed to init 2H hyper-parameters)





Pipeline 2:

PURPOSE - Fit a lens light + source image (mass model does not decomposed the light and dark matter)

PREPROCESSING:

- Mark the brightest regions / multiple images of the source.
- Draw a circle around the source (Einstein Radius / center)
- Mark the centre of the lens light.
- Draw circle / ellipse for mask containing the lens galaxy.
- Draw annulus for mask containing the source (excludes central regions of image where lens is).

INITIALIZATION PHASES:

1) Image: Observed image, includes lens+source.
   Mask: Circle / Ellipse containing entire lens galaxy.
   Light: Sersic (This phase simply subtracts the lens light from the image - the source is present and disrupts the fit
   NLO: LM        but we choose not to care)
   Purpose: Provides lens subtracted image for subsequent phases.

2) Image: The lens light subtracted image from phase 1.
   Mask: Annulus mask containing just source
   Light: None
   Mass: SIE+Shear
   Source; Sersic
   NLO: LM
   Purpose: Provides mass model priors for next phase.

3) Image: The lens light subtracted image from phase 1.
   Mask: Circle / Ellipse containing entire lens galaxy.
   Light: None
   Mass: SIE+Shear (priors from phase 2)
   Source: 'smooth' pixelization (include regularization parameter(s) in the model)
   NLO: LM
   Purpose: Refines mass model and sets up the source-plane pixelization regularization.

4) Image: Observed image, includes lens+source.
   Mask: Circle / Ellipse containing entire lens galaxy.
   Light: Sersic + Exponential (shared centre / phi, include Instrumentation lens light noise scaling parameters in model)
   Mass: SIE+Shear (fixed to results from phase 3)
   Source: 'smooth' pixelization (include regularization parameter(s) in the model, using previous phase prior)
   NLO: LM
   Purpose: To fit a complex light profile, we need to do so simultaneously with the source reconstruction to avoid
            systematics. Thus, this rather confusing phase sets it up so that the mass profile is fixed whilst we
            get ourselves a good multi-component light profile.

4H) Hyper-parameters: All included in model (most priors broad and uniform, but use previous phase regularization as well)
    Image: The lens light subtracted image from phase 1.
    Mask: Circle / Ellipse containing entire lens galaxy.
    Mass: SIE+Shear (Fixed to highest likelihood model from phase 2)
    Source: 'noisy' pixelization
    NLO: MN.

MAIN PIPELINE:

1) Image: Observed image, includes lens+source.
   Mask: Circle / Ellipse containing entire lens galaxy.
   Hyper-parameters: Fixed to results of hyper-parameter opt.
   Light: Sersic + Exponential (shared centre / phi, priors from previous phase)
   Mass: SIE+Shear (priors from previous phase)
   Source: 'noisy' pixelization (parameters fixed from hyper-parameter opt)
   NLO: MN
   Purpose: Refine the model above, now fitting the light, mass and source simultaneously.

1H) Reoptimize hyper-parameters, using the previous phases highest likelihood model and priors from the previous
    hyper-parameter optimization.

2) MODEL COMPARISON PHASE.

    Image: Observed image, includes lens+source.
    Mask: Circle / Ellipse containing entire lens galaxy.
    Hyper-parameter: Include the lens light noise scaling parameters (rest fixed).
    Mass: SIE+Shear (priors from main phase 1)
    Source: 'noisy' pixelization (parameters fixed from hyper-parameter opt)
    NLO: MN

    Light a: Sersic + Exponential (shared centre / phi)
    Light b: Sersic + Exponential (shared centre, but different phi's)
    Light c: Sersic + Exponential (different centre and phi's)

    Purpose: Determine if the two components should share the same geometry or not.

2H) Reoptimize hyper-parameters, using the previous phases highest likelihood model (which may be a new model) and
    priors from the previous hyper-parameter optimization.